Los Angeles, Calif., Sept. 29, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Legal-Bay LLC, The Lawsuit Settlement Funding Company, reports today that Johnson & Johnson's Ethicon unit recently requested a Texas appellate court to throw out a $1.2 million jury verdict against them. The jury verdict was awarded to a woman who said she was injured by Ethicon's TVT-O pelvic mesh, however, Ethicon is requesting the verdict toss because they believe there wasn't enough evidence that the product was defective in its design. Ethicon also argued that the woman only had "speculative evidence" that her injuries may have been caused due to the defective mesh product. The $1.2 million verdict was awarded to the woman in April of 2014, however, the jury declined to award any punitive damages after finding that Ethicon provided adequate warning of the risks that were known.

Logo - photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20140714/126845 

Sponsored by: Legal-Bay, a law cash advance company, is a leader in transvaginal mesh, transvaginal tape, and bladder or pelvic slings, as well as verdict on appeal settlement advances for all cases, including large hip recall verdicts and mesh cases. The company puts a major focus on commercial litigation in 2015 and has recently funded large verdict on appeal cases, including a Miami, Florida verdict worth several million dollars. The company has also funded large whistleblower or Qui Tam lawsuits for plaintiffs, as well as attorney funding for attorneys who are waiting to be paid on verdict on appeal cases who need funds to continue to defend the appeal process. 

Chris Janish, CEO of Legal-Bay, commented on the company's focus on judgment and verdict on appeal cases, "We are one of the few companies that has fully secured substantial capital and adequate underwriters to fund large verdict on appeal cases that will take years to settle. These cases can be very risky since the verdict can be reduced to nothing on appeal, and in most appeals the legal aspects of the case can be very tricky. This is why plaintiffs and their lawyers trust Legal-Bay for facilitating their cash-flow needs better than any other legal funding company industry wide." 

Legal-Bay can also assist injured parties who believe they may have a possible hip recall or transvaginal mesh claim. If you, or a loved one, have been injured from a transvaginal mesh product or bladder sling, please feel free to contact Legal-Bay with any questions you may have. Legal-Bay can assist you with obtaining a free legal consultation from a qualified transvaginal mesh law firm or TVM lawyer, or a hip recall law firm. To learn more about Legal-Bay's transvaginal mesh funding or legal services, please visit the website at: lawsuitssettlementfunding.com/mesh-cases.php To learn more about commercial litigation cases, visit: http://www.lawsuitssettlementfunding.com/commercial-lawsuit-funding.php 

The company has now secured additional funding capital for other types of commercial litigation cases including, but not limited to: 

Judgment on Appeal or Verdict on Appeal cases, Qui Tam or Whistle Blower Cases, Breach of Contract cases, Security Fraud or Stock Arbitration Cases, Patent or Copyright Infringement, Intellectual Property Disputes, Anti-Trust Lawsuits, Large Wrongful Termination cases, Legal Malpractice Disputes, Franchise Protection Cases, Real Estate Disputes, Banking Dispute Cases, Royalty Payment Disputes, Estate or Trust Disputes, Construction Disputes, and Environmental Disputes. 

All of Legal-Bay's programs are non-recourse lawsuit cash advances, also known as case funding. None of the programs should be considered to be a lawsuit loan, lawsuit loans, pre-settlement loans or a pre-settlement loan. To learn more about how Legal Bay's funding process works on commercial litigations, visit: lawsuitssettlementfunding.com/funding-process.php

To speak with a live agent on any of the above items feel free to call the company's toll free hotline at: 877.571.0405. 

Source: Legal-Bay LLC

Contact: Patty Kirby, COO/Head of Client Relations

Ph. 877.571.0405 Email: intake@legal-bay.com

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/johnson--johnsons-ethicon-wants-transvaginal-mesh-12mm-verdict-thrown-out-says-legal-bay-lawsuit-settlement-funding-300149899.html

SOURCE Legal-Bay LLC