NEW YORK--( BUSINESS WIRE )--Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NYSE:NLY) (“Annaly” or the “Company”) 
      today announced that its wholly-owned subsidiary Annaly Commercial Real 
      Estate Group, Inc. has provided a $592 million loan to an affiliate of 
      Blackstone Real Estate Partners VIII (“Blackstone”), and their partner 
      Fairstead Capital for the purchase of a 24 building New York City 
      multi-family apartment portfolio. 
  
Annaly capitalized on Blackstone’s strong relationship with the 
      institutional commercial real estate origination team that recently 
      joined Annaly from GE Capital Real Estate. 
 
“This transaction is another example of the progress we are making in 
      growing our commercial real estate business through high quality 
      institutional relationships”, said Kevin Keyes, President and incoming 
      CEO of Annaly. “We will continue to utilize our balance sheet strength 
      as a strategic advantage as we build out our commercial real estate 
      platform.” 
 
“While this is our first commercial transaction with Annaly, we look 
      forward to growing the relationship based on the quality of execution,” 
      commented Michael Lascher, a Managing Director in the Real Estate group 
      and the Global Head of Real Estate Debt Capital Markets of Blackstone. 
 
 About Annaly  
 
Annaly’s principal business objective is to generate net income for 
      distribution to its shareholders from its investments. Annaly is a 
      Maryland corporation that has elected to be taxed as a real estate 
      investment trust (“REIT”). Annaly is managed and advised by Annaly 
      Management Company LLC. 
 
 Other Information  
 
This news release and our public documents to which we refer contain or 
      incorporate by reference certain forward-looking statements which are 
      based on various assumptions (some of which are beyond our control) and 
      may be identified by reference to a future period or periods or by the 
      use of forward-looking terminology, such as “may,” “will,” “believe,” 
      “expect,” “anticipate,” “continue,” or similar terms or variations on 
      those terms or the negative of those terms. Actual results could differ 
      materially from those set forth in forward-looking statements due to a 
      variety of factors, including, but not limited to, changes in interest 
      rates; changes in the yield curve; changes in prepayment rates; the 
      availability of mortgage-backed securities and other securities for 
      purchase; the availability of financing and, if available, the terms of 
      any financings; changes in the market value of our assets; changes in 
      business conditions and the general economy; our ability to grow the 
      commercial mortgage business; credit risks related to our investments in 
      Agency CRT securities, commercial real estate assets, residential 
      mortgage-backed securities and related residential mortgage credit 
      assets and corporate debt; our ability to grow our residential mortgage 
      credit business; changes in government regulations affecting our 
      business; our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT for 
      federal income tax purposes; and our ability to maintain our exemption 
      from registration under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
      For a discussion of the risks and uncertainties which could cause actual 
      results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking 
      statements, see “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 
      10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We do not 
      undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly release 
      the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking 
      statements to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated 
      events or circumstances after the date of such statements.